https://sourceforge.net/p/tribalcreature/wiki/Home/
[This is the homepage, if in doubt]

Full Idea list is at:
https://sourceforge.net/projects/zarakite/files/
among other places.  Facebook also has a bunch of stuff.  So does YouTube and Dailymotion.

scratchpad which is not the same as so-and-so's scratchpad, who's scratchpad is not the same as this scratchpad
[Sorry I have to write like a dork through this interface.  Some of this is extraneous and brain-melting, but at least it's not in a non-Earth-in-Origin language, which would suck.  I still feel sorry for others I have to drag through this, and this stuff is unbelieveable, but at least a handful get to have blue and blond hair on the SAME head and not worry too much about having more than one of yourself hanging out with you and talking to you with his own ideas while actually being you at the same time and sharing a wee little bit more than your wardrobe as far as the personal stuff goes.  Okay, just wait until we get to expendables.....]
[Also, last time I checked, no one will have a biker jacket for one of the five clothing upperwear styles or accessories, or ten or whatever, and YES, it was just fine with me if the old one was sold to Goodwill or thrown out in the garbage, I forgave him for that a long time ago and never vilified or accused him of anything related to that to begin with, and even let him have the garbage bag I offered it to him in, right into the trunk of his car, geez.....]

Idea #1576:
     2020-02-14    Common-Era   12:42  EST :  Over the years I've always had a general difficulty remembering people's names.  Over the years, in general, I've always been good at remembering what people's physical faces look like to my eyes and sense of sight.  Often I would remember someone without rememering their name.  The cops I worked with at Tri-C knew this and so did many professors as well as schoolteachers at more than one school.  The campus police knew that I would remember people by what they looked like including themselves at times, both when I was starting to work with them as well as when they had someone from Metro or administration stop by.  Leia, the student assistant who was working there when I started, who was identified as a Sallyist, suggested that I try to get to know the cops who would be my co-workers by their badge numbers first.  Deans and administrators as well as law enforcement understood I was good at remembering and imagining what people's faces looked like quite easily, and I had a reputation and pretense for such, and this was normal for me and also what others expected me to be like over the years, regardless of whatever medications were and were not involved.  Not being able to visualize or imagine any face I want to at any time quite easily and accurately is unheard of with myself and outside of what I'm known for by many.  I've had many accuse me of being a spy of some sort as well as some sort of undercover replacement for David Reeves while allegedly being someone else, and the real David Reeves wouldn't have any 'filters' as described in discussions, or difficulties easily and quickly imagining any face he wants to.  The real David Reeves wouldn't imagine any disfigured or distorted or blurred or unclear versions of any face, and never did such things.  I know that this is all honest and consistent for many years and decades and is simply true and there's no way around it, and two-and-a-half years of foot patrol being accounted for honestly depend upon it, including conversations with the cops in the office over people watched and observed and also a conversation with an administrator who worked with one of the deans.  That one dean was a weirdo and had a 'thing' for me, as if he was telepathic or something, and seemed to have his own ideas, and picked up on mine, and reacted to what I would imagine when I went to that campus and not just for classes.  He would know what I can and can't imagine easily and how, if I'm actually David Reeves and not some imposter or joke of some sort.  I know this one has to be taken and can't be refuted, not unless you discredit a lot of cops and brass and telepaths and good operators and others with them, and their versions of my track record.  Contrary to what former FBI Director Stephen D Anthony said in one discussion, or someone representing him, changes to my imagination were NOT discussed and NO ONE went over any instructions or what I should expect with me, ever.  Not at Cleveland Clinic, not before that, not after.  Never ever.  See why I keep asking for the instruction manual I never got, once in a while?  This is not a game and I am not being playful, and I am not bemused.  I don't find this funny at all.  This is not playacting or pretending and I am upset and still demanding the first-time instructions along with what I should know that I never got.  I'm sick of others thinking I got the introduction already along with instructions.  Perhaps I should be given the instructions and proper introductions anyways, and a start-over, even if anyone thinks I don't need it.  Maybe start with what a 'spirit phone' is and what I should expect with my imagination and memory and what these things have to do with each other.  Oh and I recall one back office discussion with the cops I worked with about the 'thought police' and how they wanted to implement that, back then.  It was a VERBAL discussion, ordinary and plain, and we have a lot to catch up on, myself and a bunch of idiots that think I already know the ropes of some manual I never got and don't have.  It was a restricted verbal discussion, off-limits at the time to civilians, at the time, but that's changed since then, I've been told and educated, and I've been told I'm authorized and cleared to talk to whomever I want to about it, and so is anyone else.  No it isn't a smartphone app in anyone's head.  This altogether makes sense and altogether simply makes sense.

Idea #1577:
     2020-02-14    Common-Era   15:18  EST :  I just had a conversation with one or more 'operators' of some kind who talked about a 'pretend spy agency' that I've never heard of and don't understand or know anything about.  One of them was shocked as they explained that 'no data file was declared' or something, meaning no operator or guide of any religion or with any spirit phone ever discussed any pretend spy agency with me or told me what it is or what it has to do with me or any of the Reeves family or dark hearted or mind controllers or anything.  I've been accused of being an actual real-life spy for a real spy agency or real non-civilian agency of some sort, possibly post or pre Soviet Russian, such as KGB or something, and there have been real actual authorities checking me out with logic that says that if I really was David Reeves then I would know all about a pretend spy agency and also a lot of other stuff I never heard of.  I just had at least one operator probe my brain telepathically to see if I knew anything about this 'pretend spy agency' and 'the project' whatever that is and they were shocked and astonished that things they were expecting to come up didn't, and that I'm not kidding or playing games about these things.  I relaxed my head and tried to think no thoughts and be passive and permissive for a bit and that's what happened.  No wonder the real actual CIA and then some have been involved and checking to see if I'm an undercover spy for someone or not.  I'm still clueless and I don't know how this helps fight any mind controllers or fix any problems regarding any mind control invasion or anyone running around with thought control technologies causing problems, or fix broken failsafe teams, but I suspect this stuff must be over and done with before that stuff can happen.  I still have a few that call me 'boss' even though I'm a civilian and they know it.  I didn't ask to be in charge by the way and actually don't know how this ended up happening in the first place or exactly what I'm supposed to be in charge of, either.  It sounds like some have a lot of explaining to do in their offices where I don't work, conversations I'm not a part of and shouldn't be a part of, over this.  Then again, maybe it's because of my unique situation.  That's just a guess, as I can't imagine they would do this for any human, doing this with a civilian who has never heard of this stuff before a few years ago and thought he simply had a hard life with abusive parents and had no idea why one of them had their eyes glow an odd color with a dark blue ring the way it did one night, or what that meant, and the same dark blue ring on John Haldman's eyes and he turned out to be possessed by an insect species that was just as evil and just as sneaky and dishonest and deceptive.  I'm still playing guessing games here, still winging it, and going with what I think simply makes the most sense.  I think I've been treated unfairly.  What about all of the telepathic stuff in my old apartment with a gun in a holster and then the bathroom mirror and being arrested by some policeman squad that never came?  What about the gun clip that Matthew Damron wanted turned into a money clip for dollar bills?  Is that related?  No insect of any species from any world answered or explained these things, and no 'blackey honesty' group as it called itself and named itself answered these things or even mentioned them for discussion, ever, not with me at least.  Another group that called itself 'blackey corruption' didn't do any better.  Hey, these names sound racist, but are names THEY came up with and they called themselves these names!  Whether or not anyone put them up to it, I don't know.

Idea #1578:
     2020-02-14    Common-Era   15:18  EST :  One of the favorite and highly effective methods of the dark triad is to leave me clueless and unknowing and out of all planning regarding as much as possible, while working in the role of pretend allies as well as any pretend family and-or friends.  Being left out of knowing about the death of Uncle Ted until well after his funeral and long after his will was read and probate court was over and done with it, very deliberate of the dark trio, is one example.  Every single so-called 'family vacation' is another example of this, when all three of them deliberately plan the daily agenda and how long the vacation will be and big and little things, all without me being part of any discussion about those types of things, very intentionally and very carefully.  They've always done this over the years and decades.  Included is how they pretend and lie and claim that I was supposedly included and part of all planning.  They've done that quite frequently over the decades as well, both before and after the turn of the century, every time an act of evil and hostile deception.  These types of things are in their values, dark hearted trio values, their methods and their ways, very evil, and very hostile to zarakite values, always.  Their evil values are evil to planet Earth as well.  Who knows what they have in store for planet Earth as well as any allies of planet Earth?  How about the human race and any who would keep them around for anything?  Humans aren't the best, but the immortal of Earth wants them for his own plans and for planet Earth, as opposed to them going extinct and suffering any pain or punishment or anything instead.  Once again, duplicating and copying the evil methods and ways of the dark hearted trio does evil and does in the planet and human beings.  This is still proving itself and I rest my case.  'Nuffs said.

Idea #1579:
     2020-02-15    Common-Era   22:46  EST :  My modeling and animation skills both suck.  I can't create models of zarakites in Blender software very accurately, not even with my best efforts which span multiple years of modelling and animating.  Animating them isn't any better.  The closest I've gotten to what really makes me happy, at least by comparison to the other stuff, is the head and face which is very close to a TigerStone face, shown in a lot of renders.  I've been trying to create a face at least that is photorealistic.

Idea #1580:
     2020-02-15    Common-Era   22:46  EST :  I think the mohawk haircut that I really want, for a lot of the faces and models and zarakites, won't be quite like the bristles of a broom, but will be many numerous small spikes, with straight individual hairs that grow thick and numerous, from many hair folicles per square centimeter of parts of the scalp, very dense growth, so that no spikes or hair have to be combed inward at all to keep the hair style stable.  Also, the spikes and hair and actual complete style stays styled even in high winds and high-speed dives from high altitudes, and springs completely back into shape quickly and naturally and an unlimited number of times when exposed to greater wind and-or stress.  No hair gel or hair spray or other styling product is ever needed, a press to the navel makes the hair style's spikes stick out and be stiff and strong and springy as described.  The average length of the spikes is adjustable, with pressing the navel, from about 5 centimeters to about 50 centimeters and every length in-between, with the back and other parts of the 'fan' of the 'hawk overall about as long as the top, generally.

Idea #1581:
     2020-02-15    Common-Era   23:51  EST :  The dark hearted queen [we know who she is, and what her name is by now, certainly] will sometimes speak with a lot of emphasis on specific syllables and one-syllable words, that repeat, with a lot of forcefulness and emphasis that comes with a massive amount of mental focus and energy, sometimes with small but energetic impulsive hand and finger motions and breathing, like a martial arts kiai [like in kata and fighting, look it up, it has high relavance and zarakites do swordfighting and flying kicks with thrust with a dragon's roar when lunging and diving and should know this word like the back of their hands] that comes with her repeated word, a word which is often a word such as 'must' and the words 'have' and 'to' one after another which are very convincing and easily make human beings think the fate of the world is dependant upon something trivial as a so-called 'emergency', and quickly mind control the human brain easily with said technique.  No wonder she's psychic.  This is one of her methods and it simply works, fast and effective with the way she does it.  Doctors and nurses fall for it with a 100 percent rate of failure to think clearly and resist or even suspect anything.  Any nearby witnesses don't typically suspect a thing, from what I've seen, and as far back as I can remember instantaneously fall for her psychic spell in numbers simultaneously left and right, and she doesn't seem to have to work very hard to make it happen.  She's also well-practiced in this technique, having used it so many times that she's honed it to an art and uses it effortlessly, knowing exactly what she's doing.  She already had this much skill many years ago, long before Type Five, from what I've witnessed and remember.  The psychic effect and attack is so strong that no one ever asks questions or second-guesses or dares to consider cross-examining her, and they take it like an 'of course' type of thing, deluded and charmed, weird and trance-like, zealot-like, yet act like they think they are being obvious and practical with an implied 'of course' type of attitude.  Humans who are victims of her become like this in the blink of an eye.  It happens very fast and is alarming to witness and watch if one is completely immune to it.  If only I had a camera, but with footage that itself would be safe for a human to watch.....  This is so real and can be confirmed, yet I'll say that this isn't a game character of any typical sort, 'nuffs said.

Idea #1582:
     2020-02-16    Common-Era   17:31  EST :  Regarding Salt, Salt has a natural magic and is a real actual esoteric that isn't 'f---ral magic' but instead the real thing, that enforces and educates and other stuff when I eat salt and foods that contain salt.  When I am denied extra salt as any sort of condiment or otherwise, salt becomes more powerful and works with the salt that is already in foods I eat listed as 'sodium' on ingredient labels, and while more powerful does more than otherwise and has a justified right to do more that doesn't break rules and isn't unfair, as punishment for otheers for me being denied salt that I would put on and-or in foods I eat.  This I think especially happens when human beings left and right are being childish and immature about denying me salt.  Salt as I understand it goes back to normal behavior when I get salt packets or cans of salt or other forms of extra salt.  Salt uses it's own rules as to whether or not I reasonably have extra salt or not, as well as whether or not I reasonably TRY to get extra salt or not, and I use the same rules.  Salt by the way is a very common reagant and ingredient in various witchcraft rituals that go back over decades and centuries and longer, representing Earth in serious-minded witchcraft and magic-embracing religions.  Seax-Wica is one example, though seax-wica only goes back to the 1950s and 1960s.  When I am denied extra salt the salt that is already in foods I eat is far more powerful and the overall effect of eating the food is greater.  Salt knows and enforces and works by zarakite values and even more by what I want and a bit less with what I would hypothetically want in various situations.  Salt also has Japanese and Arabic as well as exosolar backing, regarding it's magic and these rules.  'Nuffs said.

Idea #1583:
     2020-02-17    Common-Era   16:44  EST :  After just watching 'Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome' on DVD, I thought I'd say what it means to zarakite values to be a real warrior who is in charge.  'Auntie' is the character played by Tina Turner, a character who became a warrior and leader and boss, and she as boss and leader of a whole town would go and fight on the front lines of a battle, including jumping off of a moving vehicle and onto another moving vehicle, fighting alongside her own front-line men as one of them as a true military leader and general should, and not like some gutless candy-a-- so-called 'general' of an Army that sits at a desk with a pen and a necktie and is too much of an unworthy gutless coward and wimp to ever touch a real gun and use it in the front lines of a real battle where co-workers are slain left and right, ever again.  The pen by the way is a simple 'helper tool' and crutch, and Auntie demonstrated that she doesn't need one.  She gives her orders and then they move out and she of course goes with them.  She's also anything but a 'has been' and she keeps in shape to fight, and she gets on the front lines and isn't afraid to see the whites of the eyes of her enemies.  She does this on any battlefield and also does this with prisoners of war that are captured, and she of course has more than enough guts to do it herself and it isn't like she has to try hard to have that courage.  She's used to that courage.  Now THAT is COURAGE I RESPECT ALMIGHTY and zarakite values say the SAME THING.  It's no wonder people of her town look to her as her being a fitting leader and boss, geez.  In my book, a military leader who refuses to go fight, themselves, on the front lines, where it is dangerous and allies are getting killed as facts of life, is no better than a whole squad that refuses to deploy and refuses orders and loses a battle or a war, belligerant and useless, and might as well be one of the enemy [and strategically, effectively is, technically and without any emotion as I and tactics see it].  Also related is how the rank or title 'Field Commander' is a two word term with the word 'field' NOT being 'dressing' or 'fluff' and of course being something of honor that must be backed by something literal, actually fighting on the battlefield and not from behind a desk or from an office.  'Commander' and the abbreviation 'Cmdr' sound nice, but 'Field Commander' always had a nice ring to it, and for a number of good reasons, including others as well that I don't explain here.  'Nuffs said.

Idea #1584:
     2020-02-17    Common-Era   19:11  EST :  I don't have any mindset or personality for 'mind games' or psychological warfare or constant trickery with people left and right trying to outdo each other with super-intelligent tricks and manipulation.  I never did.  I also never wanted any brain or mind like that.  I hate the idea of people left and right being like that.  I hated that before and I hate that now and my hatred is the same.  I'm not cut out for any world or society where people are like that and never would be.  I'm cut out for a world where the guy who is phsycially quick and fast and wields a big stick or sharp sword always wins and always has the upper hand everywhere he is and the only way to compete or deal with that is to be like him and get your own club or sword and catch up with him and get big strong muscles and youth and be physically quick and fast with a lot more than martial arts.  THAT is what I still love and crave and want, for the world I live in and society as well.  That is what I would thrive in.  Police detectives and FBI like they are now have little to no place in that type of world unfortunately, but that's life.  The dark trio and those like them would hate that sort of world and not survive in it, not them or their evil ways.  I still hate mind games and am disgusted by them and am still not having fun or pleasure putting up with them.  Simplicity instead would be far better.  The immortal of Earth is upset and angry at all of this psychological super-mind-games trickery and is not bemused.  'Nuffs said.  This still altogether makes sense and still altogether simply makes sense.

Idea #1585:
     2020-02-17    Common-Era   19:33  EST :  I've always hated the world of what is psychic, mind reading and ESP, alternate states of consciousness, out-of-body experiences, channelling and mediumship, and guessing what cards someone else is staring at by reading their mind and figuring out if it is a square or wavy lines, etc.  I've always hated that crap and never been into it and would never want any lifestyle that involves that type of stuff.  The Dark Hearted Prince however would love that stuff and he does.  He really has a mind and personality for it.  I don't and never did and would never want that.  He can keep hhis mind and personality for it for all I care.  He also is an insult to witchcraft and what is actually magical, as what he calls 'magic' is subjective and is actually psychic and placebo effects that are psychological where people who are gullible might think that something is being influenced but a practical down-to-earth skeptic discredits it and debunks it right there before the delusion spreads.  I'm personally with the practical guy who debunks everything and is skeptical.  What I call magic leaves very real and very physical tell-tale signs that are mundane, like scorched marks from something being burnt, or a bathroom scale then a multi-million-dollar scale showing odd weight readings from an object with a spell cast upon it that can be measured but not reproduced with scientific instruments that scientists in lab coats and engineers can observe and record and document and publish their scientific findings on but cannot re-create, as they would explain in their documentary the public would watch and see isn't quackery or pseudo-science, as the scientists and engineers would take a very stoic and non-religious scientific approach with real methods and equipment that meets scientific standards and make credible measurements that would go in a public school textbook but not be able to recreate what they measure and document.  Real magic does that.  Psychic 'magic' and subjective crap doesn't and is a joke, and takes only a simple skeptic who has no science degree or expertise to debunk as delusion and nonsense.  I was actually frustrated with Wicca and related witchcraft as I wanted objective concrete results from spells and rituals that could be measured scientifically if I wanted, not any self-help feel-good-about-one's-self garbage which is actually what some of it turned out to be, no more than psychological state-of-mind crap and nonsense that I don't have faith or belief in.  I don't call that magic.  This is what I tried to explain several years ago and since then.  None of the three of the dark trio by the way believe in what I call magic.  Also I don't think they know how the ancient Egyptians built their pyramids the way they did but know it was documented and measured and some still stand today after how they made them.  I would not be surprised if they were built with what I and zarakite values call magic.

Idea #1586:
	Failsafe teams include racists and sexists etc for good reasons, to detect and identify certain types of mind controllers that charm others into being unable to hate or despise them for any reason, regardless of being professional and anyone keeping feelings to themselves.  The Dark Hearted Queen Sally Lynn Reeves tested positive for being a mind controller of this sort by at least two types of failsafe teams.  One was a group of African Americans who found that they were unable to hate her for being white.  The Dark Hearted Queen is Caucasian White.  She's also middle-aged, over 40 and over 60 years old actually.  One person from one failsafe teams hates the elderly and doesn't like people over a certain age.  He got exposed to what the Dark Hearted Queen looks like and sounds like in audio and video, and suddenly is unable to hate or dislike her.  The effect is instantaneous or near-instantaneous.  I personally would expect similar results from a group of male gender failsafe team members that hate the female gender and suddenly like or don't hate the Dark Hearted Queen.  The USA I've heard doesn't have enough failsafe team members to test this.  She tested positive with the other two types of tests I mentioned, though, easily.

Idea #1587:
     2020-02-21    Common-Era   09:56  EST :  Zarakites have arctic white skin as their natural and default skin color, no matter what their face looks like.  This is much like the render of a TigerStone faced zarakite, in the file 'TigerStone_Dragon_Sky_Boy_Age_5_Size_4.jpg'.  The natural and normal skin color for people of the half-dragon race kahjeet is also arctic white, and looks the same.  The same applies to the half dragon race 'Barracuda' which are reincarnations of what were originally sentient fish from a non-Earth world with a methane ocean that live short lives by human standards, about 5 (five) Earth years, and I'm told come from a high-gravity planet compared to Earth.  This is skin color 1 (one).  Griffons are a half-dragon race that always have a natural Caucasian skin color, and I'm currently not sure what number, but it would be from skin color 2 to skin color 4.  Natural hair colors for zarakites vary by face from the Book Of Faces and are always 'sky boy' or 'punk' colors.  The natural hair color for kahjeet of all faces is always 'sky boy red'.  The natural hair color for Barracuda is always 'sky boy blue'.  The natural hair color for griffons is always white.  Some zarakites look identical to certain half dragons when they are not wearing their wings, and this is normal.  Cheetah faced zarakites have 'sky boy red' hair and can be easily mistaken for kahjeet when they are not wearing their wings.  The only way to tell the difference is their growls and roars, and natural ID found in their wallets that are part of their natural clothing, and natural instincts that allow a boy to recognize the voice of one of his own family when blindfolded which works with half dragon [?] and zarakite families and also applies to intercourse as well as voice.  Griffons are winged, and can wear wings much like zarakites.  Griffons always have white feathers on their wings, arctic white in color.  Barracuda and kahjeet cannot grow or shapeshift to have wings.

Idea #1588:
     2020-02-21    Common-Era   19:55  EST :  Tiger dragons are magical beings of pleasure, and their personalities and magical natures and instincts simply are not the same as that of humans, and so neither are their work ethics or logic to their work versus play.  When they have a lot of fun and pleasure, not 'assigned' and not as a 'chore' or 'okay, now its scheduled playtime' stuff, but instead have it on their own terms, they are far more productive and useful, and so is the rest of their tribe and all who depend on their tribe.  Also, tiger dragons often agree on what they find fun and would call pleasure, and would want, 'nuffs said.  When a tiger dragon is lied to and misled for too long, and doesn't know what he is missing, and thinks he is content at least but is suffering massive lack of pleasure, he isn't very productive and couldn't work a job, and might be confused as to why.

Idea #1589:
     2020-02-21    Common-Era   19:55  EST :  Zarakites make and sell milk, their body parts, their magic [from eating enough food], raw building materials, and fireproof materials.  Also, with homes they build and own they charge rent.  This includes supercities.  They like and provide and provide for simple non-magical humans and their cultures, at least the youth culture parts of them.  They are dragons and in some explanations divine beings of youth and youthful fun and pleasure.  They are also natural hunters and warriors and fighters, and they do breath fire.  At the same time they are also children and adolescent boys by nature, including their personalities, as normal and healthy and responsible trusted teenagers, forever and eternal.  They get rowdy and rough and goof off once in a while, but know where the limits are of what is and isn't safe for them and others.  Looks can be misleading with this, as casual decapitation and dismemberment with smiles and laughs of having fun, from more than swordfighting, are very common, and well within what is safe and clean fun for them and sky children, as well as the half dragon races.  To an uneducated human they look like they are goofing off and very dangerous, but they are not, and if a human tries to join them with a sword they suddenly change and get very different and super-careful and super-serious by human standards.  They obviously see a difference between themselves and humans with what is and isn't safe.

Idea #1590:
     2020-02-23    Common-Era   12:16  EST :  Regarding instinctive pre-determined experience and experience, which are nature and nurture respectively, two zarakite sky dragons of both the common type of sky dragon [not a tiger dragon], which have the same face from the Book Of Faces, have the exact same pre-determined experience including vocabulary and slang terms and social skills, but experience that is accumulated life-long differs and makes the two zarakites different from each other.  This type of thing applies to all zarakites when matched up with another zarakite of the same type with the same face.  Also, the two zarakites from any match will have the same natural hair colors, and as a base body size naturally 'feel at home' with bodies that stand at the same height at the same ages.  Both have personalities that have some stuff the same, other stuff different, and a lot of stuff similiar.  This type of thing isn't the same for half dragon races or sky children, where two with the same face have voices that sound the same, and faces that look alike and have at least some of the same and similiar facial expressions, but what is expected to always be alike or close to it ends there.  Zarakite families find it very easy and quick to socially bond and make friends with each other, one family after another, and work together if desired very easily.

Idea #1591:
     2020-02-23    Common-Era   15:15  EST :  I finally just looked up the word 'rastafarian' on the Internet to find out what it means.  A religion that involves smoking weed, wearing dreadlocks, rejecting pork and milk and shellfish, Jamacian in origin, with blacks being 'chosen people' and connections to Africa.  It seems to me to be a religion that can't make up it's mind whether it is a serious-minded religion that one should respect or a 'joke religion' or 'mockery religion' like the flying spaghetti pot monster 'religion'.  The parts of it that seem more like a joke are the 'you gotta have dreadlocks and smoke weed and be cool, all the time...' parts and are hurting the parts of it that want to be serious-minded and respected as a real religion alongside mainstream religions.  Don't get me wrong, I get the idea of 'being cool' from that and actually like it as a style that some guys I'd like would have, minus the drug-using part, but that's my opinion.

Idea #1592:
     2020-02-23    Common-Era   16:49  EST :  Zarakites and griffons have a separate brain for their wings.  This wing brain is a brain that is also in TwinSky and constantly reads the minds of both the primary and secondary head brains.  It only controls wings, both of them, and not whether or not you are wearing your wings.  If you're a griffon or zarakite you'll also find that it has a mind of it's own, and if your hands are full carrying something and you would point to something in a conversation, your wing brain might make one of your wings unfold and stick out straight and point at what you would point at with your arm and hand.  That's normal.  It also makes your wings flutter and stretch and other stuff at times, when IT wants to, but when it makes your wings stretch it does feel good.  Also, you can feel your wings and what they touch, but you can't control them, but your wing brain feels and controls them.  Your wing brain noramlly reads your head brains really fast, and if you want to take off it makes your wings unfold and makes you take off and start flying where you wanted to fly really fast, split second with no delay that you can tell, and so fast there's no delay as far as any zarakite or griffon can ever tell.  If you're bored and thinking of taking off and waiting for someone you're talking to to finish what they are saying, your wing brain might give away what you're thinking by making your wings unfold and start to flutter a little, and the person will tell you 'Hey don't go anywhere yet!  I'm not done!'.

Idea #1593:
     2020-02-23    Common-Era   16:49  EST :  If you're not wearing any tounge, you can't talk, and you can't really eat [at least not the same], but you can yell and use your voice, and you don't smell anything at all, and don't have to put up with any bad smells.

Idea #1594:
     2020-02-23    Common-Era   16:49  EST :  Zarakites and sky children and people of half dragon races all have primary and secondary head brains.  The secondary brain always yields to the first brain which can control any detachables at any time including blindly.  The primary head brain always has sense of touch and feel but not pain or discomfort of certain types in all detachables [deflated and killed detachables don't count].  With this, with your head detached and in one room, and your headless body in another room, you can reach into your belly button with a hand and arm you still feel and think is attached to a belly you still feel and think know where it is, without seeing or hearing any of those parts, but feeling them.  The brain for the phallus usually yields to both head brains, but once in a while overrides both simultaneously in spurts with what can be multiple quick actions that include arms and legs and torso and not just the phallus, but not vocal cords or facial expressions.  The phallic brain feels the entire body.  The secondary head brain also feels the entire body and sees and hears through the two nipples of the chest.  The phallic brain uses the same two nipples to see and hear.

Idea #1595:
     2020-02-23    Common-Era   16:49  EST :  Human females, both archaics and traditionals, never have detachables and can never be turned into sky children.  Such is physically and biologically and scientifically impossible.

Idea #1596:
     2020-02-23    Common-Era   16:49  EST :  Only zarakites have heads that can be respawned.  Half dragon peoples and sky children as well as humans cannot grow new heads, life-long, and can heal and regenerate scars and wounds and disfigured features and teeth with sex with a zarakite or kahjeet.  Human boys between eight and sixteen-and-a-half have their heads and faces and eyes shape-shifted as a one-time-only thing if they become sky children although details are sketchy.

Idea #1597:
     2020-02-23    Common-Era   16:49  EST :  To update and correct, skin color 8 is a near-pitch-black, very dark and just lighter than pitch black enough that one can look at the skin of the chest of someone with it and their nipple [which would be pure pitch black] and tell the difference between the two colors.  Skin color 6 is an African American 'black' that is like that of the celebrity movie actor Eddie Murphy.  Skin color 7 is halfway in-between skin colors 6 and 8.  These are not monochrome or grey-scale colors, grey-scale dark near-pitch-black is skin color 10 and for zeros, and is slighty darker than skin color 6 and lighter than skin color 7 [halfway between the two] and is monochrome head-to-toe.  Skin colors 6, 7, 8, and 10 all lack pale areas on the palms of hands and bottoms of feet, and normally include the entire upper and lower lips of the face being pure pitch-black, as natural colors.  Hair that goes with these skin colors, ANY hair, is always naturally pure pitch black and is also naturally straight, and can be limp and straight, and straight like a black-haired Caucasian White guy's straight hair.

Idea #1598:
     2020-02-23    Common-Era   18:51  EST :  To update and correct, the diameter of shaft and end and other parts of the phallus of a zarakite's dragon-like phallus is about 3 (three) centimeters, consistent, and a cross-section is round and not oval-like at all when stiff and straight.

Idea #1599:
     2020-02-23    Common-Era   18:51  EST :  If you're not a human and you have a magic body that has zarakite dragon-like detachables, and you're from Earth, depending on what race you are you can attach someone else's detachables and use them as your own body parts, and later detach them [and possibly give them back] when you want to.  When attaching your head to any neck, if your head attaches then that neck and what is directly connected to it in three dimensions is controlled by you, your primary head brain and it's mind, and your brains, and not anyone else's brains.  That changes with someone elses body parts once they are detached again.  Also, you have sense of feel and touch with those parts while they are attached, and not who they belong to.  If you are a sky child you can attach the detachables of another sky child.  If you are a half dragon race guy you can ALSO [key word here, 'also'] attach the body parts of another half dragon race person.  If you are a sky dragon then you can also do the same with another sky dragon's parts [and that of any half dragon, and any sky child].  If you are a tiger dragon you can also do the same with that of another tiger dragon.  Higher up on this heiarchy is Zare, who is at the very top.  Attaching and detaching one's own body parts, and that of other people, is and feels natural and casual and comfortable, and is also a little bit at least stimulating, and is for a number of reasons, at home and work and school and pleasure and with friends and sports and more.  Culturally it doesn't come with any expectation or desire for privacy or secrecy or treating it like a swear word, at all, at least not by non-humans.  It isn't seen or felt as any sort of evil or 'necessary evil' or bad habit of any sort, and is actually the opposite.  Biologically is it very normal and casual and healthy and should be done, like exercise.

Idea #1600:
     2020-02-24    Common-Era   00:02  EST :  Heads on necks of zarakites and zarakite-blooded people do not 'dangle' or bob up and down, and are not loose like any 'bobble-head' at all whatsoever.  The head is either well-attached including muscles and bones and tendons and ligaments and connective tissues and more, or detached and completely loose.  When detached it is possible for a detachable to be sitting on top of another body part or a body and mistakenly look attached.  The process of attaching and detaching the head does not cause passing out or pain or discomfort or injury or dizziness.  It also doesn't prevent or stop breathing or one's voice from working, and as such can be done in the middle of speaking a sentence verbally.  When your head is detached and you take a deep breath your belly and chest move and get bigger and smaller and whatever in exactly the same ways they normally do when your head is attached.  The same is true if your chest and torso are detached whether or not your head is attached to your chest.  Other body parts are going to move and flex and still work the same no matter what is attached and detached in whatever combinations.  Where one part ends and the other would begin, a detached part has a 'cap' which is simply flawless healthy unbroken plain skin.  Everything still works and moves and flexes and nothing dies, because of tethering which goes beyond three dimensions and connects things to TwinSky and back and TwinSky is in another dimension that can't be reached from Earth and traveling in only three dimensional space.  The extra dimensions involved do not include time, and time in TwinSky is in sync with and moves at the same speed as reality that includes real life of planet Earth.  The extra dimensions are custom.  The elves know what that means and they told me that TwinSky and this extra-dimensional stuff and tethering was already justified and needed irregardless for other reasons outside of the immortal of Earth's wants and desires, and has to be done, and so we might as well take advantage of it and do stuff that uses it, at 'Shape-Shifters-R-Us' and a bunch of other stuff.  This I'm told makes sense.

Idea #1601:
     2020-02-24    Common-Era   02:01  EST :  There are ways to identify zarakites and other guys with zarakite blood, and their body parts, including if they are separated into more than one piece with detachables.  The pelvis, which has the hips and groin and buttocks etc, is what natural legwear and a natural wallet chain with a natural wallet containing a natural ID inside always grows out of, which is always unique.  With an ID being torn off of the inside as a routine way to check someone's ID, which by the way is painless and lacks blood and isn't something he even feels, IDing him by his natural ID is easy and reliable.  DNA and fingerprints actually work, and the body gets better at regrowing the same body parts to perfection with less flaws every time a body part is regrown, perfect with respect to DNA, including fingerprints and lines of the palms of the hands and underside sides of the fingers.  One can detach their hand and leave it as proof of identity and regrow a new hand right after detaching the one he had.  He can do this with both hands, one at a time, of course.  His teeth always regrow and fall out and replace themselves, but would only ID what face he has from the Book Of Faces and also tell what age he was at the time a tooth fell out or was spat out or otherwise somehow left lying around.  What was called 'familial connection' in discussions and might be a misnomer could apply to his body hearing what his voice sounds like, hearing himself with his nipples, so if he [his headless body] has his head detached he can tell when his head is talking and tell the difference between his own head and the head of someone else who has the same face from the Book Of Faces and might be the same age at the time [?].  This term used in discussions is also how zarakites of a tribe recognize each other by voice, blindfolded, including dragon-like purrs and roars and growls as well, and is much like how penguins in Antarctica recognize their mate once a year and breed with the exact same penguin after a whole year goes by isolated from the penguin they breed with and there are several hundred penguins gathered together when they do that, all making noise in a big crowd all at once, according to some documentary science show about how their natural instincts and hearing work.  Zarakites of the same tribe can also identify each other specifically from having intercourse with each other, and also from milking each other [?].  Also, speaking of other ways to ID someone, sky children do not have fangs or fingerclaws.  Zarakites and half-dragons always have fangs, four of them total, which do not retract, and are visible when they open their mouths to talk and yawn and eat etc.  Zarakites also have fingerclaws, claws that extend via shape-shifting from their fingertips and are anchored to the bones of the fingertips, and are very sharp horizontal blades that also pierce as well as slash, and are not the same as the fingernails.  When they are fully retracted they leave no markings or signs, and leave only ordinary skin of the fingertips, no bumps or discoloration.  Fingernails by the way of detachable hands and gloves are always short like how guitar players like most of their fingernails, and never grow, and stay short, and if one gets damaged the whole hand is discarded and replaced [you just grow a new one, literally].  Zarakites can try putting their own fingertips and thumbtips into the navels of another guy they think might be from their tribe and see if they can do something to that guy that they could only do to someone else of their tribe or not, and see if they get lucky [or a weird stare].  They could also consider that clones are everywhere and many dragons and half-dragons look and sound the same and can have only about a hundred possible faces and paired voices, no matter how many zarakite tribes and half dragon families there are, and realize that everyone else also puts up with this from time to time, and simply ASK rather than beat around the bush and make themself and idiot and total dork about it ['Hey, are you John?' then 'Sorry, thought you were someone else.' is very innocent and happens to everyone all the time when you think about it.  So is something like 'Hi, you my buddy Vermin?' and probably 'What the hell kind of a name is "Vermin"?' and 'I get that a lot' which follows ALL THE TIME.].

Idea #1602:
     2020-02-24    Common-Era   05:51  EST :  Tiger dragons can simultaneously borrow up to all four of the torsos and arms and hands/gloves/paws of their extra four heads, while at the same time wearing their own torso.

Idea #1603:
     2020-02-24    Common-Era   18:53  EST :  There might be five half dragon races, including the automatons known as zeros as the fifth.  Tree can become the fourth, after kahjeet and barracuda and griffons.  What tree becomes will need a name.  Of the four, they might need to be both magical and psychic, magical with their TK that is of course zarakite magic and tethering and perhaps other zarakite magic, and psychic in spiritual connections to maintain all life and all things inanimate of Earth in origin as being uninfected, and prevent anything from becoming psychic that should not be psychic.  These five half dragon races would be dependant upon intercourse with zarakites, at least once a year or once every five years each, to survive, which must be pleasure and fun for the zarakite in however it is done for it to work properly.  These things are tentative.

Idea #1604:
     2020-02-24    Common-Era   18:53  EST :  Female traditionals don't have a vagina but instead a spot between the legs, a permanant spot of arctic white skin, in addition to any other spot or spots on their bodies used for sexual intercourse, which shape-shift as needed for a penis to go into that spot, and the penis can be that of a traditional as well as a half dragon as well as a dragon person.  When ejaculation comes from any half dragon or dragon, as long as the whole experience is fun and pleasure for them then there is healing that comes with every ejaculation pulse that regenerates and heals and shape-shifts the traditional's anatomy, head to toe, and also brain tissues.  This healing is greater and far more rapid when the sex comes from zarakites.  The healing is painless and stimulating and refreshing with each ejaculation pulse, and always feels good.  This healing works with the spots and any inside-out penises of male traditionals as well, and any inside-out penises of any half dragons, to heal all traditionals and all half-dragons [their heads and skulls and brains need this from time to time], and the brains and minds of zarakites as well.  Daily and routine sex can be with the penis of any male, including a traditional, with any spot and any inside-out penis.  Traditional males have penises that get erect going inside-out as well as right-side-out when they are ages eight to sixteen-and-a-half, which shows that they can potentially become sky children.  Sky children are capable of a lot of sex and have penises that always get erect both ways, life-long, and are a lot of fun and pleasure to have sex with in various ways.  Their penises don't heal but they are capable of a lot more frequent sex than traditionals, life-long.  Sky children and all half dragons and all zarakites can have detachables.  So can Zare.  Traditionals of both genders cannnot.  Also, some traditional humans are born with arctic white skin and natural hair color that is some sky boy hair color.  These are offspring of tiger dragons and have destinies to become sky kids, and when left human don't age past sixteen-and-a-half.  All half dragons and zarakites and sky children and Zare have natural 'cat's eyes' and all traditionals have human-looking eyes with 20-20 vision that is healthy.  All 'cat's eye' eyeballs have better than 20-20 vision and good low-light vision.  Dropped are outdated 'infravision' and 'ultravision' concepts except for Tai Tenga.  All zarakite skin and natural clothing and feathers and body parts are naturally fireproof.  Wings and feathers always involuntarily regenerate quick and fast and split-second so that no altitude is lost, except for when the wings are completely 'taken off' [degenerated], which of course includes the feathers.  When wings of a zarakite are worn but folded, they are visible when the zarakite is standing up straight with arms at his sides, from all angles, front and sides and behind, and behind his shoulders they extend above his shoulders but not his head, and are visible to the left and right of his head to someone standing in front of him.  Griffons have wings and feathers that fold and flex the same as that of zarakites.  Zarakite wings are highly flexible and not much more than large flat skin folds which flex with TK and no bones or skeleton, and have feathers and blood vessels inside.  There is only one layer of feathers, not two, to correct from the renders, but the outstretched flat shape that shows maximum wingspan is the same.  Griffon wings and feathers are the same in these regards.  They might or might not regenerate as fast or the same or different as that of zarakites [?].  Zarakites can fly just as fast and hard regardless of their muscle size.  At age 5 and size 5 they can fly up to about 500 kph or 310 mph in a straight line, level flight, and slow flying and gliding varies and includes sustained hovering, casually, and also includes hovering like a helicopter and moving backwards and sideways and straight up and down.  For griffons the normal top speed for sustained level flight is 450 kph or about 280 mph in a straight line.  When a sky dragon ejaculates himself accross a room or field or area, his penis can go up to 100 meters long.  For tiger dragons the maximum length is 250 meters.  This only works with a dragon penis.  These lengths are also maximums for stinging, which impales and kills wildlife and enemies, used in hunting and combat.  The penis tip won't drill holes when stinging but will shape-shift to have a sharp point and pierce like a spear or arrow tip.

Idea #1605:
     2020-02-24    Common-Era   22:47  EST :  I never could do things like roll my Rs.  I could never manage to make it work with my tounge or face or voice.  Tiger's Eye Jade SwiftWing as envisioned can do stuff like that easily though.

Idea #1606:
     2020-02-26    Common-Era   14:17  EST :  Empaths, of all of the types that there are that use zarakite values, need to be involved in all discussions, and need to have credibility and chances to be speak and listened to, and need to be allowed to speak in plain English among other things.  'Nuffs said.

Idea #1607:
     2020-02-26    Common-Era   15:57  EST :  According to zarakite values, hunting is okay and can be fun and pleasure, as long as the corpse of what is hunted is put to good use [eaten, typically, and hide and body parts could be used but zarakites have their own they can use instead, and prefer their own, and prefer to hunt the animal only for the food it's corpse brings].  The animal should not be hunted simply for a trophy or to make a puppet or statue out of it's corpse [humans again may disagree, but to be fair according to zarakite values don't use their own skin or body parts for technology or tools].  A hunted animal should not be tortured as part of hunting or killing it, and should generally not suffer unnecessary pain as part of being hunted.  Also, hunting any animal's population in a local area to extinction is generally evil according to zarakite values.  According to zarakite values, killing an animal in self-defense is typically okay [except for felines] but if there is any harvesting or eating of the corpse it turns into being considered hunting.  A hunted animal's corpse should not be completely thrown out or wasted, unless it is sick or diseased.

Idea #1608:
     2020-02-26    Common-Era   18:36  EST :  Zarakites and half dragons and sky children are very loose and careless, by nature, about their detachable body parts.  It's very easy for them to regrow new body parts to replace the old ones, and very easy to re-attach the old ones as well, and very easy and casual to attach a part someone else was using.  Their body parts are really disposable, quick and often and easy.  If whole then separated into as many detachables as possible, starting with a zarakite one gets - the head, the chest, the torso down to the waist, the pelvis and hips, the phallus, the left arm, the right arm, the left hand, the right hand, the left leg and foot, the right leg and foot, each layer of natural clothing legwear [up to five], each layer of natural clothing shirts and jackets and upperwear [up to five], the tounge, the left eye, the right eye -.  Wings are not detachables.  They are very social and extroverted at times, and over time they naturally accumulate extra body parts from themselves when they hang around in an area, which is really good for nature as every body part they don't ever reattach will shape-shift into many magical worms after 24 hours which are very good for the Earth and eat and digest pollution as well as what worms normally eat, and when they die they decompose and leave what is healthy for the planet for whatever climate and terrain they are in [they shape-shift into the right type of worms to do these things].  They only live a month at the most [?].  Body parts, when attached to another person, are compatible with another who is of the same age [one to five] and the same size [one to five], and this practice is common and casual and easy, and not repulsive or disgusting at all, and is among things that they have fun with and even goof off with at times, and not something that they are squeamish about.

Idea #1609:
     2020-02-27    Common-Era   01:19  EST :  I still have no reliable or trustworthy or non-hostile guides or stage actors that I know of for William Zegas or any that were with his group.  All I have are compromized hostile stage hands/actors that are 'dorkies' and come with sound effects and spitting saliva through the air and are dark hearted and dark trio in nature, and they are not cooperative.  I've wanted and asked that brand new groups that don't behave like that step in and take their place, and reinvent the wheel by doing the research all over again and without any interaction with the 'dorkies' as the self-titled Dorkies that love the name they gave themselves are too toxic and psychically infectious and too dangerous.  The THOUGHT READING PROGRAM is to be opened up again and research is to be done over again that their group did, but by new people.  The new people cannot and will not use any 'dorkies' or stage hands/actors or transmorphs that have any likeness of any 'dorky' or anyone socially inept or anyone who spits or anyone who talks in a 'chipmunk from Alvin and the Chipmunks' cartoon voice, or anyone that generates or comes with the sound effects or hair styles or lab coats that the 'dorkies' often had.  In addition there was a professor who was very important who was involved and in some ways still is, who cannot and should not be affiliated with any of these 'dorkies' either, which are in some ways mockeries of him and are very dangerous.  I don't think he wanted or would have wanted them either.  I refuse to have any discussions with any 'dorky' about Billy Zegas, and insist that other guides who are not like them answer questions and say things about Billy Zegas instead.  If other guides and other stage actors don't know everything then that is okay, and I hope they get caught up in research and do their homework on William Zegas and other people in the same group rather soon.  William Zegas was and still is a natural blond who comes from a particular group and bloodline.  Yes, data that I never got and we never went over has to be destroyed and thrown out and the work that was done to get the data has to be done over again.  The data was put through the wrong hands and corrupted and tainted and compromised, and is too contaminated and too dangerous.  Yes the same work has to be repeated.  Real life is like that sometimes.  Welcome to the universe and real life, and how things work in the real world.

Idea #1610:
     2020-02-27    Common-Era   11:23  EST :  Proto's face and voice and personality, and TigerStone, are NOT the same and are vastly different in many ways.  Also Proto is very socially inept and TigerStone is not.  'Nuffs said.

Idea #1611:
     2020-02-27    Common-Era   01:19  EST :  The Cents are increasingly being evil bullies and are enemies of this universe and all other universes that exist.  They have had far too much leverage over everyone's head and have been far too powerful and too uncooperative and are bullies that support only their way and no other.  Their ways are also evil and more recently it is really starting to show.  'Nuffs said.

Idea #1612:
     2020-02-28    Common-Era   09:23  EST :  I've seen plenty of stage actors guess my personality and depict what they seem to think is my thought process and what goes on inside my head, with terrible results that are nowhere near accurate.  One of the biggest misunderstandings and misconceptions of all is a wrong assumption that I supposedly like to be socially inept or am supposedly content with being socially inept, or even want to be socially inept.  This could not be any more wrong and inaccurate.  It baffles me that any sane individual would ever like or enjoy or even be okay with being socially inept.  I've noticed that the 'Dorkies' also seemed to be happy and content and accepting of being social misfits and even made themselves proud of it at times, of all things.  That's one thing of many that scares the s--- out of me about them and how insane and mentally ill and DANGEROUS they are, especially with them in charge of anything and with any power or authority in their hands, and a very serious-minded concern at that which is not part of any jokes or humor or game of any kind, but dead serious.  Being socially inept and being content or happy about it is madness and insanity and isn't the slightest bit healthy, and is found I think in victims of the dark hearted trio and dark hearted.  It's also damn evil.  Zarakite values agree.  The zarakite sex drive doesn't find such evil madness the slightest bit sexy, not at all, and instead wants to sting and KILL such evil, thank you.  If there is ANY 'safe dork' of any kind, it would be a person who HATES being a dork and is NEVER accepting or content in being socially inept, not in youth and not later in life either, and a 'safe dork' that isn't dark hearted and infectious realizes and understands and is realistic in that if they are socially inept when young they are going to have a rough and difficult life and be less capable than others in career and life and there's no way around it and they might as well be realistic and not self-delusional or in any denial about it.  On the other hand that of course doesn't mean they can be crybaby about it either, as that's also mentally ill and pathetic, and deserves to be blasted away with both barrels, and doesn't survive, and is the WRONG way to handle it.  Personally I already figured that out a long time ago, before high school even started.  I also never liked what I was or became, or accepted it, or found myself happy-to-be and sing-song and delusional-in-la-la-land about it in my head either.  Never ever.  No f---ing way.  Talk about what would be mentally ill, yikes.  Also, don't even start with people who talk in Kermit-the-frog and muppet voices out-loud, especially those that do it by choice and think they are entertaining.  Those f---ers are really sick and demented, evil and really messed up.  That's nothing new of course.  I learned that the very first time I was ever exposed to such a person, and never changed my mind, because I'm SANE, thank you.  There is of course a reason that Teenage Target Culture mocks Barney the Dinosaur as one of the most messed up things of all time and also calls it 'gay'.  Duh.  Mentally retarded people are not the slightest bit charming or cute with their retard voices, but don't seem to be able to understand that, because of how messed up they are.  It's called being 'retarded', as well as 'mentally ill'.  It's also repulsive and drives others away, for understandable reasons.  Then no one wants to save or go back for a useless retarded person in the wilderness.  That's normal, it's part of natural selection, so that you don't have retarded people in the population or gene pool, or some government disability budget that the rest of society pays for.  Don't interfere with natural selection or overcome it with any evil medical.  Let it happen.  That's how it is and should be on planet Earth.  The socially inept do not and should not survive natural selection and should not be in the populations in large numbers, and are kept out of friendships and fun for good reason, so they don't mess up the gene pool and don't perpetuate in offspring and future generations.  That's normal and the way it should be on Earth.  Let it happen and work properly.  If you are from Earth and a sentient, and happen to be socially inept, you catch up and you TRY and never get suicidal by giving up.  That's life.  Teenagers and children in school figure that out at a young age, and have it right, and of course it matters.  Employers are not that open-minded, and won't hire someone who gives up and says hello in a job interview with a retard voice, at least not for any good position.  If such a person gets hired, they are expendable of course, as if I needed to point that out.  This isn't rocket science, this wisdom and insight is pre-junior-high-school stuff, and continues life-long of course.  Rejecting it leads to 'Uh, now that isn't very appropriate [regarding what you just did].  Now go sit down over there [and be quiet, and don't bother us anymore], and your [psychiatric] nurse will be with you...'  In junior high school and high school, they slam you into lockers and walls, simple, direct, and effective, as well as well-justified, it simply works.  'Nuffs said.

Idea #1613:
     2020-02-28    Common-Era   09:23  EST :  Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche said 'What does not kill me, makes me stronger.'  That's for mortals.  If it were applied to immortals and situations that a mortal would not survive, it would be an unfair cheat code that everyone and all universes would overall complain about and say is unfair, and as such refuse to tolerate or allow.  This is also why throwing an immortal under a bus doesn't make them powerful and doesn't work, and is an evil and wrong thing to do.  This is also why bullying an immortal and trying to 'squeeze them until they pop' doesn't work either and is also a wrong and evil and bad thing to do.  Logic and common sense, as well as zarakite values, understand this entire Idea and agree with this entire Idea.  Also in agreement is reality and how things work in real life and not in this universe alone but in many including this one.  'Nuffs said.

Idea #1614:
     2020-02-28    Common-Era   09:23  EST :  I am not to be educated via dreams, and I am also not to be educated about mind controllers or the dark hearted trio by being accused of being like them, 'nuffs said.  Plain English DOES work and IS ALWAYS an option, even if telepathic, 'nuffs said.  Those who fight these rules are enemies of zarakite values and also with the dark hearted trio and also against planet Earth.  Those who are enemies of zarakite values in this case are proponents of Earth losing and suffering almighty from a mind controller invasion and other evils en masse, 'nuffs said.  Zarakite values agree.  'Nuffs said.

Idea #1615:
     2020-03-01    Common-Era   07:24  EST :  I lack a history of having any bad temper or anger issues, and instead have a history of more than half a decade of being tolerant and lacking getting mad or angry at various things that upset most people.  I learned and taught myself to be open-minded instead, and consider how others might not be at fault and other circumstances may exist, and not get angry at first, and in most cases not get angry at all, and ended up being more tolerant than police officers and at least one professor at Tri-C.  I did this while I was still a student who was still getting plenty of financial aid at the college, and still during the first half of the twelve-and-a-half years I lived at the apartment building.  I was tolerant like this with the people who worked at the apartment building, including the leasing office.  I learned to make it natural and automatic and not require voluntary or deliberate effort, to be open-minded about all sorts of explanations and things that could lead to circumstances that would otherwise be upsetting.  I maintained these skills for greater than five years before and up to Type Five, and lack a pretense for having any anger or temper issues, including what I've been told is by definition 'schizoid' personality characteristics that nearly all mentally ill people have, as explained by doctor Paul Shane, who explained the personality which I and he agreed I do NOT have and never developed and never had a pretense for having.  Examples of being tolerant include waiting for the bus at Tri-C and it being a half-hour late and a professor riding the bus being upset and angry and barking at the driver in anger while refusing to consider what might have happened, while I was calm and actually listened and was open-minded, and understood and believed the driver's story which he told without being asked.  There was a similar situation with the delivery of something I ordered at my apartment and the leasing office, and one of the workers who accepted packages was swamped unfairly and didn't get lunch and had too much work for her and didn't have enough help.  With both of these situations I was self-introspective and thought about what happened, and at times thought about it in my head while working for the campus police which I still did back when I learned these things.  Ever since then I was tolerant, or at least up until Type Five when artificial plastic emotions from thought control were abused and misused on me to the delight and amusement of corrupt Cleveland officials who found it funny and fun to do so.

-----
NOHS Yearbook, out of 423 freshman photos, 20 have looks at a single quick glance to become sky children if the criteria is close to or like that of the chosen.  That's about 4.728 percent.  For sophmmores, 10 faces out of 379, roughly 2.639 percent.

-----
Notes: Felines, pets, work animals, livestock, two-faced dark queen, dark queen's psychopathy and her issues and medications and refusals where she said she doesn't need any therapy or psychiatry and she thinks she can 'heal herself' as she said over the years

As of 2020-02-27 16:03 EST I have NOT been educated on what a 'spy game' or 'simulation' is or how it works or what I am supposed to do with multiple phone numbers for people including pretend phone numbers.  I'm still waiting to be told what this stuff is and how it works with what will be brand-new first-time information.  I am also unclear on what a 'control factor' is and still need to be given this type of information.  I do NOT have this information already, at all whatsoever!  Honest, scout's honor.  If operators don't believe what's real then can they please tell me anyways?